in the last program we are with Andrei
shishigi us fishing in Uglich
reservoir
more precisely combined business with pleasure
in addition to catching zander proving
dreamcast rod advantage
namely their high sensitivity
just how sensitive you will be
just stunned but everyone thought that
you can see also the hand of God is not at all
amazing of course and visual
sensitivity and according to it
great brain this
we decided to touch this topic again and
that is why in the last program on
dreamcast rod caught not only Andre
decide the program crew is not
owned by a cohort of professional
anglers rather we can be attributed to
sympathetic and affiliated with it
beautiful occupation
so here we also tried to catch on
dreamcast naturally offscreen but
unsuccessfully the most interesting bite
we were like Andrei Shishigin and
all is really felt here only
catch nothing failed
why talk about it today
spinning rods which
designed for fishing on jig
bait
most often has a heightened visual
sensitivity to them include the series
dreamcast rods
Well, about all the increased sensitivity
already know how to unfortunately these rods
possess such amazing property about
which just not many do not know or not
The fisherman takes into account the fact that
here it is who died so here
happens that is exactly due to
here is this increased sensitivity
we can see even the slightest
poklevku but if we ourselves bend like this
rods that good vizazhu can be seen that
hooking occurs not vertex
directly that is all long
this lever
and somewhere here is the middle of about the top
knees
so with the usual habit
that's what many reflex
the habit of short poke short
a sharp movement often does not pass
especially when catching exactly zander
why zander has a very
let the bony mouth practically
her upper part
relatively lower motionless therefore
it is necessary, and so much to slip through
hook certainly hooked it
bony this fall accordingly
cutting often should not be
just fast like lightning
reflex but also sufficient
degree sweeping it is about this people
forget that they flow very shortly
how would a large number of catching a perch or
we will separately show the pike on
rod which is equipped with a cord and
coil how does cutting and how
when this happens
bend where you died rods what place
specifically rod proceeds this very
why it is important because more often we usually
believe so if we catch from a boat then
seems to be a long cast and not relevant
although we have already proved to you that distant
casts are important even when
catching from the boat and the second as if there
catch on a boat more convenient to take or
will put especially short passage
Nick directly at short
rod but unfortunately short rod
has a short lever
that is, what is the length of the rod more by whom?
cutting is obtained
effective we now you this
demonstrate directly
equipped with angler we fixed the end
despicable curtains on the floor and we
rod
a little bend you can see yes and here it is
Here's how to touch I went away and went
poklevka when we cut our sharply
it is clear that
bends the upper quarter of the top then
there is exactly half the upper knee
leaves almost straight with
fishing line that is why many of them are not
understand how is happening to this
here's the length under the flowing part really
this is a three-quarter high fishing rod
visual sensitivity here
just very well see that half
almost the upper knee
straight along with the cord again
show wash your time it's pretty
strong on the hooking period and clearly
prominent
if we do sharp cutting then
the length of the leaking part is longer
so she is more so long
rod will rather win perch with hard
bony grasped among photographers there
such a proverb takes no camera
takes a photographer we think it
true for anglers technique
there are tackles of course must be good
but you need to be able to use them
he catches well and who does not know how to catch
removes fishing program
This of course joke on fact
learn to properly cut completely
not difficult especially when in the hands of such
wonderful tool like dreamcast